chore: add wip errata doc for v2 (#405)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation: ERRATA.md

# Errata Summary
This is an overview of the delta between the example foundation repository and the [Google Cloud security foundations guide](https://services.google.com/fh/files/misc/google-cloud-security-foundations-guide.pdf), including code discrepancies and notes on future automation. This document will be updated as new code is merged.

## 2.x [WIP]
### Code Discrepancies

#### Labeling
- The guide defines vpc-type for shared, service, float, nic, and peer projects. It does not define a vpc-type for Jenkins agents (vpc-b-jenkinsagents), the DNS Hub (vpc-dns-hub) and projects created in 4-projects.

> This will be addressed in the next version of the whitepaper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will be addressed in the next version of the blueprint guide.
```

- The infrastructure pipeline project naming (`prj-buN-c-infra-pipeline`) is not aligned to the blueprint guide(`prj-buN-c-sample-infra-pipeline`). Naming will be modified accordingly in a future release.

#### Networking
- The “allow-windows-activation” rule that exists in the code is not explicitly called out in the guide.

#### Notes
- The BigQuery Log Detection solution, described in Section 10 will be integrated in a future release.
- Splunk log integration will be integrated in a future release.
- Cloud Asset Inventory will be integrated in a future release.
- The unallocated IP address space in the Shared VPC networks, described in Section 7.3, is currently being used by Private Service Networking in this release.

## [1.x](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/releases/tag/v1.0.0)
### Code Discrepancies

#### Labeling
- The guide defines vpc-type for shared, service, float, nic, and peer projects. It does not define a vpc-type for Jenkins agents (vpc-b-jenkinsagents), the DNS Hub (vpc-dns-hub) and projects created in 4-projects.

> This will be addressed in the next version of the whitepaper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will be addressed in the next version of the blueprint guide.
```
